---
layout: post
comments: false
title: Version 1.26 released
description: ""
tags: 
categories: [Release]   
  
---

This version is about bugfixes and balancing. Make sure to get it before jumping into a new colony! <i class="fa fa-smile-o"></i>    
Special thanks to twitch streamer @disnof for his ruthless testing of the modpack.   
Make sure to visit @disnof and toss a follow on this [twitch channel](http://www.twitch.tv/disnof)   
Also thanks to Ludeon forum user @Britnoth for helping with the dermal regenerator fix!   
Complete changelog:    

- Changed: Beauty of glass table/windows reduced
- Changed: Terraformer event minThreatPoints to be double of ones of the ship parts incident. Should make terraformers appear only later in the game. 
- Changed: Centipede minigun BurstShotCount reduced to 150 (from 300) and lowered accuracy 
- Changed: Ordinator mech armor reduced, health increased
- Changed: Guest beds have the same cost/stats as a hide bed
- Changed: Cook stove now available with Power I (to help out on very cold biomes)
- Changed: Fish butchering now available from the start (for trading / random drops)
- Changed: Embrasures can be walked through now. Although VERY slowly.This is done to combat a bug with the AI sometimes not shooting at targets behind embrasures. They still provide the same cover as before.
- Fixed: Mini grenade / plasma grenade CR compatibilty
- Fixed: DermalRegenerator heals all possible kinds of scars now
- Fixed: Fishing rod / harpoon properly unlock with Agriculture II 
- Fixed: Terminus Rifle didn't show up in stockpiles
